[Maps] 7.12 doc updates (#93830)
elastic/kibana: docs/maps/vector-style-properties.asciidoc

|The border width of the polygon features.
|*Fill color*
|The fill color of the polygon features.
|*Label*
|Specifies label content. For polygons, the label is positioned at the polygon's centroid. For multi-polygons, the label is positioned at the largest polygon's centroid.
|*Label color*
|The text color.
|*Label size*
|The size of the text font, in pixels.

> |*Label border color*

Reviewer: Same comments as above.

|The color of the line features.
|*Border width*
|The width of the line features.
|*Label*

> |Specifies label content. For lines, the label is positioned at the line's center. For multi-lines, the label is positioned at the longest line's center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specifies label content. For lines, the label is positioned at the center of the line. For multi-lines, the label is positioned at the center of the longest line.
```

|*Label color*
|The text color.
|*Label size*
|The size of the text font, in pixels.
|*Label border color*
|The label border color.

> |*Label border width*

Reviewer: Same comments as above.
